#My Little Robot

MY LITTLE ROBOT DRAFT SPECIFICATION  v 0.02a

	man mylittlerobot	NAME		mylitterobot - a small robot army	SYNOPSIS       @mylittlerobot 	[-[frs]	-[srwhea] @username ]       					[ -c robotname]       							##DESCRIPTIONMylittlerobot is a game, played on a short message social network, using a command-line syntax. Each command is addressed to `@mylittlerobot`, in order to:Challenge another user, accept challenges, improve your robot, etc.
Winning games with your robot will allow you to gain powers; use you can use the power-ups to improve your robots performance.
The game is reminiscent of top trumps where each robot have been assigned powers in the following areas:       	-s speed		-r reach 		-w weight		-h height		-e endurance		-a affectionInitially, the robots are given a a machine name (e.g. X86) and 10 powers distributed between the above. Each fight is then instigated by challenging another robot using one of the powers. The attacked robot can then choose a power to retaliate with. Finally (if needed), a third – random – round takes place. The overall winner of the three rounds will gain `X` powerups, where `X` is determined by the experience of the challenger and the challenged robot. ##Scenarios (in progress)Make the signup == create a robot### 1) User A challenges User B who's not signed up.		@mylittlerobot -f -a @userB	Which results in the following message, sent out to @userB	@userB: @userA has invited you to create a small fighting robot: http://mylittlerobot.com/fight/@userb [hashed]			@userB can then accept or decline, or do nothing. #### AcceptThe sign up / create robot process:The user will be sent a link to a section from the man page explaining the robot creation process: Follow @mylitterobot and a dm will be sent with a link to the robot creation page.####DeclineSend the invitor a messageMake sure the user doesn’t get disturbed again####Do NothingIn which case the invitation / challenge expires in 24 hours, but you can be ‘disturbed’ again.		### 2) User A challenges user B who's signed up	@mylittlerobot -f -a @userB (fight userB with the power of affection)This leads to the following message:	@userB Your little robot has been challenged to a fight by @userA 
How to go from here? Explain how to accept/retaliate? e.g. to retaliate use 
	@mylittlerobot  -r [-power] @userA 
or		@mylittlerobot -r -s @userA (retaliate using the power of speed)	_…to be continued_		